import { Layout } from '../components'

Our Privacy Principles

Here is a list of the key points in our Privacy Policy:

-   Recipes that you post to PlateZero are public and shopping lists are
    private.

-   PlateZero is the custodian of data stored on behalf of users that
    use the PlateZero service. We don't own User data. You own the data.

-   Privacy is related to security and confidentiality. They are
    important to us and we have built our product and company on taking
    them seriously.

PlateZero Privacy Policy

Updated: June 1, 2019

This privacy policy is here to help you understand what information we
collect on <https://platezero.com>, how we use it, and what choices you
have. When we talk about PlateZero in this policy, we are talking about
the PlateZero.com service offered by Virtyx Technologies, Inc., the
company.

The following policy describes the information we collect and receive
with being a User of PlateZero.

We collect different kinds of information. Some of it is personally
identifiable and some is non-identifying or aggregated. Here are the
types of information we collect or receive:

-   **Account information.** When you create an account on PlateZero, we
    collect your email address (as the primary owner), your user name
    that appears in your account, and password.

-   **Profile information.** The only information we require to create
    your PlateZero account is an email address and password. Optional
    information you can enter into your profile includes information
    such as your first and last name, what you do, and your phone
    number. Any information you add to your profile is visible to other
    people in your account as described on your profile management page.

-   Billing information. If you purchase a premium version of PlateZero,
    our third party payment processors will collect and store your
    billing address and credit card information.

-   Log data. When you use PlateZero, our servers automatically record
    information, including information that your browser sends whenever
    you visit a website or your mobile app sends when you're using it.
    This log data may include your Internet Protocol address, the
    address of the web page you visited before coming to PlateZero, your
    browser type and settings, the date and time of your request,
    information about your browser configuration and plug-ins, language
    preferences, and cookie data. Log data does not contain message
    content and is not routinely deleted.

-   Device information. In addition to log data, we may also collect
    information about the device you're using PlateZero on, including
    what type of device it is, what operating system you're using,
    device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data. Whether
    we collect some or all of this information often depends on what
    type of device you're using and its settings.

-   PlateZero usage information. This is information about how many
    recipes you store and share with other Users of PlateZero. Usage
    information may change and we will update the privacy policy to
    reflect the changes.

-   In the event we store your sensitive personal information we take
    reasonable steps to protect the data.

-   Information from partners or other 3rd parties. PlateZero may
    receive information from partners or others that we could use to
    make our own information better or more useful. This might be
    aggregate level information about the performance of external
    network and application providers

Our Cookie Policy

PlateZero uses cookies, or similar technologies like single-pixel gifs
and web beacons, to record log data. We use both session-based and
persistent cookies.

Cookies are small text files sent by us to your computer and from your
computer to us, each time you visit our website. They are unique to your
PlateZero account or your browser. Session-based cookies last only while
your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your
browser. Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them
or until they expire.

Some cookies are associated with your PlateZero account and personal
information in order to remember that you are logged in. Other cookies
are not tied to your PlateZero account but are unique and allow us to do
site analytics and customization, among other similar things. If you
access PlateZero through your browser, you can manage your cookie
settings there but if you disable all cookies you may not be able to use
PlateZero. PlateZero sets and accesses our own cookies on our
company-owned domains. In addition, we may use 3rd parties like Google
Analytics for website analytics. You may opt-out of third party cookies
from Google Analytics on their respective websites. We do not currently
recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals as there
is no consistent industry standard for compliance.

How we use your information

We use your information for the following:

-   Providing the PlateZero service. We use information you provide to
    authenticate you, to catalogue and store information on recipes,
    ingredients, and related information. We use the account
    information, user names, passwords, and information you provide to
    authenticate and authorize PlateZero to access and report on status
    and use of the service.

-   Understanding and improving our products. To make the product better
    we have to understand how users are using it. We collect usage data
    and use it many different ways to improve our products, including
    research. We may use and share with others as needed to improve our
    services aggregated and de-identified data that is no longer tied to
    a PlateZero user.

-   Investigating and preventing bad stuff from happening. We work hard
    to keep PlateZero secure and to prevent abuse and fraud.

-   Communicating with you

    -   Solving your problems and responding to your requests. If you
        contact us with a problem or question, we will use your
        information to respond to that request and address your problems
        or concerns.

    -   In-product communications. We may use the information you
        provide to contact you. For example, if, after, a few weeks of
        using PlateZero we notice that you are have not uploaded recipes
        we may contact you to help you in this process.

    -   Email messages. We may send you service and administrative
        emails, such as when we notice that you are nearing use limits.
        We may also contact you to inform you about changes in our
        services, our service offerings and important service related
        notices, such as changes to this policy or security and fraud
        notices. These messages are considered part of the service and
        you may not opt-out of them. In addition, we sometimes send
        emails to PlateZero users about new product features or other
        news about PlateZero. You can opt-out of these at any time.

Your choices

When you use PlateZero you have control over a number of things with
respect to your own privacy and choices about how your content is
visible to others or not.

Choices for Users

-   As a User you may deactivate the account at any point. Deactivation
    of an account disables your access to the associated account.

Other Choices

-   The browser you use may provide you with the ability to control
    cookies or other types of local data storage.

-   Your mobile device may provide you with choices around how and
    whether location or other data is shared with us.

-   PlateZero does not control these choices, or default settings, which
    are offered by makers of your browser or mobile device.

Sharing and Disclosure

There are times when related content and other user information may be
shared by PlateZero. This section discusses only how PlateZero may share
user information.. PlateZero may share information:

-   With consent, to comply with legal process, or to protect
    Virtyx/PlateZero and our users. When we have your consent or if we
    believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a
    law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or
    property of the public, any person, or Virtyx/PlateZero; or to
    detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical
    issues. If we receive a law enforcement or other third party request
    for information we will provide prior notice to the subject of the
    request where we are legally permitted to do so.

-   With third party service providers and agents. We may employ third
    party companies or individuals to process personal information on
    our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this
    Privacy Policy. For example, we may share data with a security
    consultant to help us get better at preventing unauthorized access
    or with an email vendor to send messages on our behalf. We may also
    share data with hosting providers, payment processors, marketing
    vendors, and other consultants who work on our behalf. Such service
    providers will be contractually obligated to treat any personal
    information in a way that is no less stringent than as set forth
    herein.

-   If we engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution,
    reorganization, sale of some or all of Virtyx/PlateZero's assets
    financing, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, or
    similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the
    information described in this Privacy Policy.

-   We may also share aggregated or de-identified information with our
    partners or others for business or research purposes. For example,
    we may tell a prospective PlateZero customer the average number of
    recipes uploaded to PlateZero in a day or may partner with research
    firm or academics to explore interesting questions about collecting
    related data. Again, this policy is not intended to prohibit the
    disclosure and use of aggregated or de-identified data.

Security

PlateZero takes reasonable steps to protect information you provide to
us as part of your use of the PlateZero service from loss, misuse, and
unauthorized access or disclosure. These steps take into account the
sensitivity of the information we collect, process and store and the
current state of technology. When you enter sensitive information we
encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer
technology (SSL). In addition, we follow generally accepted standards to
protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and
once we receive it. However, no electronic or email transmission or
digital storage mechanism is ever fully secure or error free.

DMCA

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides
recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the
Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe
in good faith that materials hosted by PlateZero infringe your
copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the
material be removed or access to it blocked. Please refer to the
PlateZero Terms of Service (ToS) for details on notice and procedure for
making a claim of copyright.

Children's information

PlateZero is not directed to children under 13. If you learn that a
minor child has provided us with personal information without your
consent, please contact us.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we'll post any
changes on this page. If you continue to use PlateZero after those
changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy. If the changes
are material, we may provide more prominent notice or seek your consent
to the new policy.

Using the Services from outside the United States

This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information from
residents of the United States. If you are accessing the Service from
outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be
transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our
servers are located and our central database is operated. The data
protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might
not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that
we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is
protected. By using the Service, you understand that your information
may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom
we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

Contacting PlateZero

Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about
PlateZero's Privacy Policy or practices. You may contact us
at <feedback@platezero.com> or
at our mailing address below:

Virtyx Technologies, Inc.  
℅ WeWork 8th Floor  
745 Atlantic Avenue  
Boston MA 02111

export default props => <Layout {...props} />
